Problem Statement Given an array of numbers that represents a permutation of integers from 1 to n, Your task is to construct a binary search tree (BST) by inserting the elements of nums in order into an initially empty BST. Find the number of different ways to reorder nums so that the constructed BST is identical to that formed from the original array nums. For example, given nums = [2,1,3], we will have 2 as the root, 1 as a left child, and 3 as a right child. The array [2,3,1] also yields the same BST but [3,2,1] yields a different BST. Return the number of ways to reorder nums such that the BST formed is identical to the original BST formed from nums. Since the answer may be very large, return it modulo 109 + 7. Example 1: Input: 3 2 1 3 Output: 1 Explanation: We can reorder nums to be [2,3,1] which will yield the same BST. There are no other ways to reorder numbers that will yield the same BST. Example 2: Input: 5 3 4 5 1 2 Output: 5 Explanation: The following 5 arrays will yield the same BST: [3,1,2,4,5] [3,1,4,2,5] [3,1,4,5,2] [3,4,1,2,5] [3,4,1,5,2] Example 3: Input: 3 1 2 3 Output: 0 Explanation: There are no other orderings of numbers that will yield the same BST. Input format : The first line of input contains an integer n, representing the size of the array. The second line contains n space-separated integers, representing the elements of the array. Output format : The output prints a single integer representing the number of ways to reorder nums such that the BST formed is identical to the original BST formed from nums. Refer to the sample output for formatting specifications. Code constraints : The given test cases will fall under the following constraints: 1 ≤ n ≤ 10 1 ≤ elements ≤ n All integers in nums are distinct. Sample test cases : Input 1 : 5 3 4 5 1 2 Output 1 : 5 Input 2 : 3 2 1 3 Output 2 : 1 Input 3 : 3 1 2 3 Output 3 : 0
